h2. ARNS adds named_scopes to ActiveResource.

h3. Usage

<pre>
<code class='ruby'>
	class Book < ActiveResource::Base
	  self.site = 'http://library.alexandria.org/'
	  named_scope :limit, lambda { |n| { :params => { :limit => n } } }
	  named_scope :by_author, lambda { |author| { :params => { :author => author } } }
		named_scope :out_of_print, lambda { { :from => :out_of_print } }
	end
	
	# same as Book.find(:all, :params => { :author => 'Zinn' }):
	Book.by_author('Zinn')
	# => GET /books.xml?author=Zinn
	
	# same as Book.find(:all, :params => { :author => 'Scarry', :limit => 2 }):
	Book.by_author('Scarry').limit(2) 
	# => GET /books.xml?author=Scarry&limit=2
	
	# same as Book.find(:all, :from => :out_of_print, :params => { :limit => 10 }):
	Book.out_of_print.limit(10)
	# => GET /books/out_of_print.xml?limit=10
</code>
</pre>

h3. Installation

h4. As a gem, from the command line:

<pre>
<code class='bash'>
	gem sources -a http://gems.github.com (you only have to do this once)
	sudo gem install gcnovus-arns
</code>
</pre>

h4. In your Rails app's @config/environment.rb@@:

<pre>
<code class='ruby'>
	gem 'gcnovus-arns', :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
</code>
</pre>

Then, from the command line in RAILS_APP_ROOT:

<pre>
<code class='bash'>
	sudo rake gems:install
</code>
</pre>

h3. Duplication w.r.t. @ActiveRecord::NamedScope@

Much of the code in this project could be replaced with that in @ActiveRecord::Base@ and @ActiveRecord::NamedScope@.
Unfortunately, that code is very tightly tied to @ActiveRecord@.  If the Rails team does want to move this into
core, I would encourage them to try to merge those two implementation.  The nastiest bit is mostly that @ActiveRecord@'s
version hardcodes the list of things that get merged instead of replaced when scopes are combined:
<code class='ruby'>[:conditions, :include, :joins, :find]</code>. This version needs to only do @merge@s (or @reverse_merge@s)
on @:params@.  The only other significant bit is that the support for scoping (the @#with_scope@, @#default_scope@,
@#scoped?@, @#scope@, @#scoped_methods@, and @#current_scoped_methods@ methods) for @ActiveRecord@ is in
@ActiveRecord::Base@, not in the included @ActiveRecord::NamedScope@ module and thus can't be re-used here.